#daily_note_active_project_PhaenoFlex_summer_2023
**Things to do**
- Soil moisture
	- Finish Prvi Bepa plots, with weight
	-  Check data on sd cards
- Dendrometers:
	- Rewrite the replacements
- Check dendrometer sese r6 control
		- Quma dro R10 was 72. Now: 26
		- Prvi dro r9 was 60. Now: 37*
		- Update key dendro
	- Check in growth C
		- Acma dro r6, on sheet: 56. Check which one is it now: ok its 56. Installation problem
		-  Acma dro r10, on sheet: 68. Check which one is it now: 68. Problem, the light is green don’t know what’s going on
		- Quma dro r10, replaced by 26, still not working
			- replace the measuring part
			- Confirmed green light. Need replacement
		- Pico dro r7, no data. Check if it's really 32. Replace probably. Yes really 32. I restarted it. Check in 2 hours if still no data
		- Sese dro r10. I restarted it. Check in 2 hours if still no data
	- Need to charge in greenhouse
	- Privi r9  charging right now
	- Privi r10  charging right now
	- All sese (5) charging right now
	- All bepa (5) not charging only the one on rope is charged 
	- All quercus(5)
	- bring back things to install dendrometer
	- 
- Asevdiversity: 
	- Map to look better
		- file:///Users/christophe_rouleau-desrochers/Downloads/tmap_Thematic_Maps_in_R.pdf
	- Double check Ethiopia
	- review papers

**Things done:**
- Move back pico and sese in chamber
- Schedule to change photoperiods
-Notes on Freddi's paper, mid way through methods
**Things left unfinished:**
- world map

**The following day to-do list:**
- Update the dendrometer key 
	- time interval that they are not working

Things to discuss with Freddi
- Prvi dro r7. Recharge

