#daily_note_active_project_PhaenoFlex_summer_2023

**Things to do**: 
- add comments where lizzie wanted me to
- notes: 
	- effects of variable
- get this shit done:
https://medium.com/geekculture/how-i-track-my-tasks-in-obsidian-47fd7ad80364
- update defoliation journal
- select leaves that will be for phenolic compounds
- install dendrometer 32
- weight the leaves
- Meet with Freddi
- check camping 


Temperature figure 
1. Dormancy add an arrow to indicate that put them outdoor
	1. Black arrow written transfer
	2. Skip dormancy in legend, and instead add underneath the waves: cooling chambers
2. Second axis for photoperiod in hours, its the day length.
3. Daily mean temperature (Degree celcius) for Y axis
4. X axis change for day-month instead of julian days
5. "2023" instead of time on x axis. 
6.  legend inside the square
7. defoliation treatment vertical arrow pointing at the start of the treatment
8. change to blue for dormancy
9. change arrows to green
10. Instead of "Legend" : "Treatment"
11. Order of the layers: grey zone, after drought treatments and heat wave, and last the temperature line. 

**Things done:**
- first draft of temperature plot
- weight the leaves
**Things left unfinished:**
- 

**The following day to-do list:**
- Charge the remaning dendrometers from defol 2
- Unplug the ones in the growth chamber
- check the data for 39.
- finish soil moisture script
- Print return label from amazon for sandals and screw drivers 
- Print return simons
- 

Plant removal
- if they show the first symptoms by the time  drought 1 would be over -->we remove them. 
- If they don't show strong symptoms (e.g. dessication-->dry foliage) --> compare soil moisture to drought 1
	- if it's equal or below the final values of drought 1, we remove them.  
- otherwise keep them in until first symptoms 

**Things to discuss with Freddi**
- 